Produce consume tutorial in scala (#459)
confluentinc/kafka-tutorials: _includes/tutorials/produce-consume-lang/scala/markup/dev/2_3-create-plugins-file.adoc

Add in the _project_ folder the file `project/plugins.sbt` with all the Sbt plugins required.

+++++
<pre class="snippet"><code class="scala">{%
    include_raw tutorials/produce-consume-lang/scala/code/project/plugins.sbt
%}</code></pre>
+++++
`sbt-jib` is an sbt alternative to the gradle/maven plugin for https://github.com/GoogleContainerTools/jib[Jib].

> It will be useful to package our application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Jib will be useful to package our application into a Docker image.
```

Note: Most tutorials will include a schema code generation plugin.
Since code generation is not a common practice in scala we will deal with the schema by using automatic
derivation instead. If you still want to use code generation with sbt plugins,
the classic https://github.com/sbt/sbt-avro[Java class generation plugin] can be used in our scala application.
But plugins like https://github.com/julianpeeters/sbt-avrohugger[avro-hugger]

> will be a better fit for our scala application since it brings scala case class generation.

Reviewer: I suggest we remove this section as you go into deeper details on serialization later in the tutorial.  IMO It will be easier for the student to understand the schema/serde technique when explained in one section.
